# Nest API Project

## <span style="color:#e0224e; font-size: 24px">Open source API project, built with NestJS for frontend projects.</span>

The main purpose of this project is to enable easy building of frontend projects, without the hassle of looking for free, quota free api endpoints. There are two kinds of endpoints available at the moment, but in case you would like to have new ones added, feel free to raise a request, under `Issues` on the project's GitHub page, and label it as `enhancement`, or write to **<a href="mailto:thedevdesigner@gmail.com">thedevdesigner@gmail.com</a>**

# Tech Stack

1. NestJS
2. Typescript

# Architecture

## Authentication

1. In order to consume the below listed endpoints - except `/api` - each request must contain a valid API key, that is generated only when you register as a new user.
2. Upon registration, you receive a randomly generated API key - with a validity of 15 days - that must be attached to every request you make.
3. Once the key expires, a new API key can be generated, using your registered `email`.

## Generating API Key

1. Register as a new user - `/api/auth/register` to receive a randomly generated API key/token.
2. This key will only be valid for 15 days. After that, a new key should be generated.
3. New key can be generated by `/api/auth/new-key`

# API Endpoints

## Root API - `/api`

- Visit the root endpoint to get a few project related info.
- If you would like to test your api key, use the `/api/test` endpoint. It is recommended to test your api key after generating a new one.
- If your key is valid, expect a response similar to `{ success: true, message: "Valid API key" }`.
- In case the key is valid or expired, you might get a response like `{ success: false, message: "Invalid or expired API key" }`
- For help or more info, use `/api/help`.

## Tasks API - `/tasks`

- get all tasks - `/`
- add new task - `/new`
- edit one task - `/edit/:taskId`
- delete one task - `/delete/:taskId`

## Employees API - `/employees`

- get all employees - `/`
- add a new employee - `/add`
- edit employee details - `/edit/:empId`
- delete employee details - `/delete/:empId`
